In this video, we are going to go ahead
and apply that layout to the index page.
So I'm going to work on issue number 19.
We want to apply that master layout
to the index page so let's take a look
at what's going on here. So this is what
the Spring guys are using. They're using
a welcome.html file which is
perfectly fine. Mine is called index.
Not a lot going on here to apply all
that. The biggest difference are they're
using this Thymeleaf replace tag to
bring in that layout template. I'm
going to copy that over. Let's come over
to our project. Let's open up our
index.html. That is going to go
right here like so.
Then, they had this image here. You
know, we should change ours to h2 so
let's go ahead and implement that, like
so. And we want this to say, so now this
here's a pound welcome so that's going
to be a reference to a message
properties file. I'm going to copy that
over. I will make our index page
exactly like theirs, so now we have the
pound welcome. We can see that it cannot
resolve that property. Let's see
where we said. We make that h2 as well.
See IntelliJ also updated the ending tag
for us, so I'll just change this over to
welcome. Just as to recap, what I'm doing
here is I'm putting a reference into the
layout. And remember we copied that
over in a previous video so that's layout.html.
Basically, what we are saying is
telling Thymeleaf to do merge
these together. It's going to take
this in and then it's going to munge it
into this index file. We'll pick up
all the goodness in the layout template.
I'll show you that here in a second.
The biggest thing here is this th
replace command where we're telling it
to use that template file. Now let's come
over here and we will actually run the
application.
Let's toggle over to Chrome. We just
back up over this and hit enter.
Now, we can see now we got everything
laid out here. These links probably are
going to work. If we go to
veterinarians, we can see that that's
bringing up an error page. We'll fix that.
But everything's here. We got that image
in there. We have this question mark
here. That is a message
placeholder. And what it's saying, this is
internationalization stuff that is
missing so we forgot to bring over some
message properties. This here is
saying find the welcome message and that
is missing because it can't find it.
That's why we're getting question marks.
We're saying hey welcome for English
US is missing. But right now, we are
getting the home page. We're entering
which was the objective of this. I'm
going to go ahead and commit that.
We'll go ahead and commit this in to Git.
You added the layout to index page
and that is going to close number
19.
Go ahead and commit and push
that. This will get up to GitHub. Now
I do want to fix this problem here. This
is going to be a very simple one. I will
do that in a different video though. But
what I will do here is, you can see that I switched
to closed.
I'm gonna say add missing i18n. It's
an abbreviation for
internationalization. And I am going to
go ahead and add in a bug,
so we're going to label that as a bug.
Submit that issue.
If we come back to our issues, we can
see this is filed as a bug and we will
go ahead and resolve that in the
next video.